Fix a dead link (#62)
kyma-incubator/documentation-component: packages/markdown-render-engine/README.md

## Configuration

> > **NOTE**: The Markdown render engine supports all options available in the [React Markdown](https://github.com/rexxars/react-markdown) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: The Markdown render engine supports all options available in the [React Markdown](https://github.com/remarkjs/react-markdown/blob/main/readme.md#props) component.
```
From [this commit](https://github.com/remarkjs/react-markdown/commit/b3aa6e0a995b9443f46720f5a785832d457bd101#diff-5a831ea67cf5cf8703b0de46901ab25bd191f56b320053be9332d9a3b0d01d15), it looks like someone rewrote the README and replaced the `## Options` section with the ```## API (...) ### `props` ``` section.
